Then I'll treat you.
No, come on.
OK
Song cry where are you
I'm at the Phoenix Bar.
Pink Bar
I don't know why I went to a place like this
girl girl
Girl, are you alright?
What are you doing?
car
Wake up the car
Hey go go
Mr. Chen, let him go
Why aren't you unhappy to see him?
So what?
He just doesn't want to talk to you
So I came to the bar
He would rather come to the bar
I don't want to come back to you
Is that so?
Mr. Chen, let him go
Let him find the right person
Don't tell me it's you who's right for him
No, me, and certainly not you.
But at least we have a common language
common language
Any kind of shit
Professor Trouble, take him to the police station
Thanks.